## Meetings
### 2025-04-08 at 20:00
- Attendees: Welson and Ye
- Meeting Minutes (~15min)
- Welson created the 131proj repository and invited Ye. We also discussed what was needed for Milestone 1: Requirements. We decided we'll each do five requirements (10 total).
- We finished the setup and were prepared to write the requirements.
---
### 2025-04-15 at 19:00
- Attendees: Welson and Ye
- Meeting Minutes (~5min)
- We discussed how we would go about doing the requirements. Welson can start first, and also fix up the organization.
---
### 2025-04-22 at 21:00
- Attendees: Welson and Ye
- Meeting Minutes (~10min)
- We organized a new repo for Milestone 2.
- The initial implementations have been made, and we will polish the README within the coming days.
---
### 2025-05-06 at 18:45
- Attendees: Welson and Ye
- Meeting Minutes (~10min)
- Ye updated the requirements to fit Milestone 1's new rubric.
- We discussed the necessary dependencies in our requirements.txt and updated them.
- -Ye updated the setup. Should work properly now.
---
### 2025-05-09 at 14:00
- Attendees: Welson and Ye
- Meeting Minutes (~10min)
- We discussed the rubric for Milestone 3.
- Ye will add two more functions, and Welson will fix up the HTML.
---
